Add article explaining kinesis IAM role setup (#2240)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/en/integrations/data-ingestion/clickpipes/secure-kinesis.md

---
slug: /en/integrations/clickpipes/secure-kinesis
sidebar_label: Kinesis Role-based Access
title: Kinesis Role-based Access
---

This article demonstrates how ClickPipes customers can leverage role-based access to authenticate with Amazon Kinesis and access their data streams securely.

## Introduction

> Before diving into the setup for secure Kinesis access, it's important to understand the mechanism. Here's an overview of how ClickHouse services can access Amazon Kinesis streams by assuming a role within customers' AWS accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before diving into the setup for secure Kinesis access, it's important to understand the mechanism. Here's an overview of how ClickPipes can access Amazon Kinesis streams by assuming a role within customers' AWS accounts.
```

I would rather simplify it to avoid confusion, since Kinesis ingestion is not available in ClickHouse instance directly.

> ![securekinesis](@site/docs/en/integrations/data-ingestion/clickpipes/images/securekinesis.jpg)

Reviewer 2: What is CBD stream?

Author: Whoops, good catch, that should be CDC (Change data capture)

> ![securekinesis](@site/docs/en/integrations/data-ingestion/clickpipes/images/securekinesis.jpg)

Reviewer: Would be great if we show "ClickPipes pipe" on this graphics.
